hi I'm Matthew Rodriguez with tech
editor Nicole knew when we are here at
Golden Gate Knights in San Francisco
with instructor Alan block who is going
to teach us the art of the lightsaber
because this weekend is a big one for
Star Wars fans this Star Wars day is
made of forth as in may the fourth be
with you during our lightsaber duel and
Alan you're gonna be teaching us some
moves oh yeah we're gonna be going
through some warm-up and stretching and
then we're going to teach you some
flourishes and then we're going to go
into some choreography bring it we're
going to do what's called a forward spin
point the plate forward thumb on top
sort of opening up the hands then you're
going to open up your palm completely
and catch the saber between your thumb
and forefinger pointed it down what's
fun about Star Wars is that you have a
fantasy weapon so you can actually apply
a lot of different techniques from many
different types of you know swordplay in
the prequels George Lucas wanted to be
more flashy so nickel are the
choreographer really kind of stepped out
of the typical kind of swordplay and
started to add a lot more flourishes and
embellishments to it in the earlier
movies you see a lot more just typical
one-handed fighting and the sort of the
kendo you know two-handed katana style
fighting as well it's not about how well
you perform you know it's more about you
know are you having fun doing it right
now we're going to learn the basic
targets this is like this is really good
but I feel like there's something
missing here as you can be you know what
I got an idea
come here let's go do this
I much young one okay we've had so much
fun with the Golden Gate Knights if you
want more information and you live in
the Bay Area go to Golden Gate Knights
calm may the force be with you may the
force be with you everybody